tracing/setup/java.md (#5623)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/java.md

-javaagent:/path/to/the/dd-java-agent.jar
```

**Note**:

> * The `-javaagent` needs to be run before the `-jar` file, adding it as a jvm option, not as an application argument, more info [here][16].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `-javaagent` needs to be run before the `-jar` file, adding it as a JVM option, not as an application argument. For more information, see the [Oracle documentation][16].
```
